Jaden, voice-over:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
STAY STRONG MATE.
IT'S OVER FOR ME...
BUT NOT FOR YOU.
WELL THEN, YOU NEXT?
UHH!
I'M SORRY JIM BUT I CAN'T
DO THIS ON MY OWN.
Syrus: AXEL?
UHH!
SYRUS.
IF IT'S TRUE THAT
YOUR DUELING DAYS ARE OVER,
SO BE IT.
BUT WHEN I LOOK
INTO YOUR FACE,
I CAN STILL SEE
THE DUELIST IN YOU...
LOOK AT ALL THE DUEL DISKS.
JADEN WAS HERE.
AND IT SEEMS
THAT HE'S DUELING
EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING
THAT GETS IN HIS WAY.
WE HAVE TO FIND HIM
AND SEE IF WE CAN
STOP THIS MADNESS
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
BUT WE'RE GOING
TO NEED SOME HELP.
WELL, LET'S GO RESCUE
SOME DUELISTS.
HOW DO YOU EVEN LOOK
AT YOURSELF
KNOWING THAT YOU
RAN AWAY AFRAID.
I AM NOT RUNNING.
I CHALLENGE YOU
TO A DUEL!
ONCE YOU'RE SENT
TO THE STARS...
THEN THE WORLD,
WILL BELONG...
TO OUR SUPREME KING!
(CHUCKLING)
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Ojama Yellow:
WE'RE NOT REALLY GOING
IN THERE, ARE WE--SYRUS?
IT LOOKS TOO SCARY.
LET'S GO FIND
A NICE MEADOW INSTEAD.
A GENTLE BROOK,
SOME TREES,
MAYBE SOME NICE DEER.
YOU KNOW THERE'S NO PLACE
LIKE THAT IN THIS WORLD.
BESIDES, BEING IN THERE
IS MUCH SAFER
THAN BEING OUT HERE.
STAY BEHIND IF YOU WANT.
EEH...HUH?
SOMEONE'S FOLLOWING US.
IS THAT WHO I THINK IT IS?
NAH, IT COULDN'T HAVE
BEEN HIM,
UNLESS, MAYBE IT WAS,
BUT HE DID
LOOK THE SAME.
HEY CYRUS, WAIT UP.
DON'T LEAVE ME ALONE.
STOP ACTIN' YELLOW,
WOULD YA?
I CAN'T!
Axel and Skull Knight:
GAME ON!
DON'T BE FRIGHTENED!
I PLAY A MONSTER FACEDOWN!
AND THEN I'LL PLAY ANOTHER
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
ALL RIGHT, I'M UP THEN.
FIRST, I ACTIVATE--
THE BLAZE ACCELERATOR
SPELL CARD!
THEN I SEND
BLAZE ACCELERATOR
TO THE GRAVE,
SO THAT I CAN PLAY
TRI-BLAZE ACCELERATOR!
NOW, IF I SEND
A PYRO-TYPE MONSTER
IN MY HAND TO MY GRAVE,
I GET T' TAKE OUT
A MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD.
AND YOU TAKE
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
ONLY CATCH--I CAN'T
ATTACK THIS TURN.
SO I SEND VOLCANIC
SCATTERSHOT TO MY GRAVE.
AND TARGET YOUR FACEDOWN
MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO DOES IT HAVE
ANY LAST WORDS?
YES!
IT SAYS "TRAP CARD!"
YOU SEE WHEN A FACEDOWN
MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE
GETS TARGETED,
BY A SPELL CARD
LIKE YOUR TRI-BLAZE,
MY REVERSE EFFECTOR
ACTIVATES.
TURNING MY MONSTER
TO ATTACK MODE.
AND TRIGGERING MAGICAL
MERCHANT'S FLIP EFFECT.
THIS LETS ME DRAW
FROM MY DECK
UNTIL I GET
A SPELL OR TRAP CARD,
WHICH GOES TO MY HAND.
AS FOR ALL THE OTHER CARDS--
IF THEY'RE MONSTERS THEY
GET SENT TO MY GRAVEYARD.
WAS THAT 12 CARDS?
IT WAS--ALL FOR
THIS LITTLE CARD HERE.
NOW I HAVE TO SEND MAGICAL
MERCHANT TO THE GRAVEYARD.
WITH THAT DONE--YOUR
ACCELERATOR'S EFFECT ENDS
WITHOUT EVER ACTIVATING.
MAYBE SO--
BUT NOW SCATTERSHOT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
GOES INTO EFFECT.
BECAUSE I SENT
MY SCATTERSHOT
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
500 OF YOUR LIFE POINTS
GO UP IN FLAMES!
[ROARING]
AND NOW TO TURN UP
THE HEAT SOME MORE!
I SUMMON
VOLCANIC SLICER!
[ROARING]
FOR EVERY TURN
IT'S OUT--
THIS MONSTER OF MINE
GETS TO SLICE OFF
ANOTHER 500
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
[ROARING]
HEH!
THAT KINDA TICKLED.
NOW, I'LL PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
THEN IT'S MY MOVE.
AND I PLAY THIS--
THE SYNTHESIS SPELL
RITUAL SPELL CARD.
NOW, IN ORDER
TO ACTIVATE THIS--
I HAVE TO SACRIFICE MY MAD DOG
OF DARKNESS AND MY VORSE RAIDER,
WHICH WHEN ADDED TOGETHER
TOTAL AT LEAST LEVEL 6.
AND THAT!
ALLOWS ME TO
SUMMON!--LYCANTHROPE!
MY BIG, BAD WOLF!
2,400 ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW--TO ADD SOME BITE!
I TRIGGER THIS SPELL CARD!
BOOSTING HIS POWER
BY 500 POINTS...
NOW THAT'S SOMETHING
TO HOWL ABOUT ISN'T IT?!
AND IF YOU TRY
TO DESTROY HIM
WITH AN EFFECT...
THE SPELL CARD
TAKES THE HIT.
UHH.
THIS MAKES YOUR TRI-BLAZE
ACCELERATOR PRETTY USELESS.
ATTACK--LYCANTHROPE!
[GROWLING]
[ROARING, GROWLING]
UHH!
I PLAY MY TRAP!
VOLCANIC ARMOR!
IF YOU DESTROY
A PYRO-TYPE MONSTER
ON MY FIELD--
THEN 500
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE BURNT UP!
HEH! HOW CUTE!
YOU THOUGHT
A LITTLE HEAT WAVE
WOULD MAKE ME
SWEAT THIS DUEL.
TOO BAD!
LYCANTHROPE'S ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
[GROWLING]
ANYTIME HE DEALS DAMAGE
IN BATTLE...
HE DISHES OUT AN ADDITIONAL
200 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY NORMAL MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD!
SAY WHAT?
THERE ARE 14 NORMAL
MONSTERS IN MY GRAVE...
SO, YOU, LITTLE MORTAL,
ARE ABOUT TO HAVE
A HUGE AMOUNT
OF LIFE POINTS--
BITTEN OFF!
SO THAT'S WHY YOU
SENT ALL THOSE CARDS
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD?
JUST THINKING AHEAD...
NOW, LYCANTHROPE--
ATTACK WITH SERRATED
SHADOW SLASH!
UHH! UHH!
YOU'RE WOLF-MEAT,
LITTLE MORTAL.
YOU'LL NEVER BE ABLE
TO DEFEAT LYCANTHROPE!
IT'S OVER!
I KNOW YOU WANT
TO RUN--COWARD!
BUT YOU, YOU'LL NEVER
GET AWAY!
BECAUSE YOUR DESTINY
IS WITH THE STARS!
[LAUGHS]
ONLY 100
LIFE POINTS LEFT!
THEN IT'S
OFF TO THE STARS!
POOR COWARD!
UHH. COME ON, AXEL...
JUST KEEP IT TOGETHER.
IT'S MY TURN!
I DRAW!
GUESS WHAT!
I KNOW YOU ALL
THINK I'M A COWARD,
BUT I'M AFRAID THIS
NEXT MOVE'LL HAVE YOU
SHAKIN' IN YOUR
DUEL DISK!
FIRST I SEND
MY ACCELERATOR
TO THE GRAVE!
AND THEN, I SUMMON
THIS--VOLCANIC DOOMFIRE!
[ROARING]
THAT'S A LOT
OF FIRE POWER!
AND THEN I PLAY--
MY FACEDOWN TRAP CARD!
WHAT'S ALL THIS?
IT'S VOLCANIC MINE!
IT PLACES A BOMB TOKEN
ON EVERY OPEN SPACE...
IN YOUR
MONSTER CARD ZONE!
HUH?
ATTACK!--
VOLCANIC DOOMFIRE!
DESTROY HIS LYCANTHROPE!
[HOWLING]
UHH!
HOT ENOUGH FOR YA?!
WELL GET READY--CAUSE
HERE COMES THE HEAT!
NOW DOOMFIRE!
ACTIVATE YOUR
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND TAKE OUT EVERY
MONSTER ON HIS FIELD!
FOR EACH ONE
IT TAKES OUT--
YOU TAKE 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
[GROANING]
OH NO!
HE WON!
YOU MAY HAVE
DEFEATED ME...
BUT YOU WILL FALL
BEFORE THE KING.
[LAUGHS]
I'LL SEE YOU
AGAIN, AXEL...
AMONG THE STARS...
I KNOW WHO THAT IS!--
HE'S ONE THE KING'S
LOYAL SERVANTS!
Man: WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
Second man: THAT WAS
THE ANCIENT BRAIN!
Shield: HEY.
HUH?
COME ON!
BE GENTLE,
BE GENTLE!
UHH.
Maiden of the Aqua:
AXEL, WHAT'S GOING ON?
DOES THIS MEAN
WHAT I THINK?
I'M AFRAID IT DOES.
SKULL KNIGHT
DISGUISED HIMSELF
AS ANCIENT BRAIN.
SO THAT, HE COULD
INFILTRATE THE CITY.
AND HIM--
HE WAS IN ON IT.
HE AND SKULL KNIGHT
WERE GONNA
OPEN THE GATES
FOR THE SUPREME
KING'S ARMY.
BUT THIS IS GOOD, RIGHT?
THEIR PLANS
HAVE BEEN FOILED.
LOTTA GOOD
THAT DOES.
THE KING'S
STILL COMING.
AND WE'RE OUT
A COMMANDER.
Maiden of the Aqua:
WE HAVE A COMMANDER!
RIGHT THERE.
RIGHT WHERE?
Old man: YOU WERE ABLE
TO TAKE OUT SKULL KNIGHT,
YOU CAN LEAD US.
SLOW DOWN.
HELP US!
SAVE US!
GUIDE US TO VICTORY.
Soldier: WITHOUT
YOUR LEADERSHIP,
WE'RE DOOMED.
Child: PLEASE, MISTER!
Old woman: BE OUR LEADER!
I'M FLATTERED,
BUT...I CAN'T.
Maiden of the aqua:
YES YOU CAN.
I KNEW WHEN I MET YOU.
YOUR EYES
TELL THE TRUTH.
YOU WERE BORN TO LEAD.
YOU HAVE A STRONG HEART
AND A STRONG WILL.
YOU INSPIRE CONFIDENCE
IN OTHERS.
All: BE OUR HERO!
PLEASE HELP.
PROTECT US.
YOUR COURAGE--
WILL GIVE US ALL
THE CONVICTION TO FIGHT.
IT'S JUST THAT...
I'M NOT SURE...
Jim, voice-over:
WELL. YOU SHOULD BE, MATE.
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE TO DIG IN
YOUR FEET AND TAKE A STAND...
THESE PEOPLE NEED YOU,
AND YOU NEED THEM.
I PROMISE I'LL BE
RIGHT THERE WITH YA'.
ALRIGHT!
I'M IN!
[ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
WHEN THE SUPREME KING'S
ARMY ARRIVES.
WE WILL SHOW HIM.
THAT WE ARE NOT AFRAID!
YES!
HA HA!
TELL YOUR MEN
TO STOP
DIGGING TRENCHES.
WITHDRAW
THE WORKERS.
I WANT THOSE FIENDS
TO THINK
WE DON'T HAVE
ANY DEFENSES.
BUT, UH...
THAT'S AN ORDER!
YES SIR!
RIGHT AWAY SIR!
GATHER EVERY
DUELIST HERE.
ASSEMBLE THEM
BY SKILL.
WE'RE GONNA FORM
SOME BATTALIONS.
BRING EVERYONE
YOU'VE GOT.
Old man: YOU GOT IT.
Old woman: LET'S GO.
AND YOU
BRAVE LITTLE WARRIOR.
HERE'S YOUR MISSION--
GATHER ALL THE KIDS.
AND SEEK REFUGE
INSIDE THE MOUNTAIN.
[ALL SHOUTING AT ONCE]
AXEL--WE'RE READY
TO CLOSE THE GATE.
[GASPS] BIG TROUBLE!
AN ARMY DESCENDS
FROM THE MOUNTAIN RIDGE!
ALREADY?
THIS IS IT.
TIME FOR BATTLE!
Soldier: THEY'RE HERE!
THE SUPREME KING'S ARMY!
THEY'RE COMING!
GET READY!
MAN YOUR DUEL DISKS!
NOT SO FAST.
WE WAIT.
BUT WHY?
Axel: LET THEM
COME TO US...
I KNOW
THAT MONSTER!
AT EASE EVERYONE!
THEY'RE FRIENDS,
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
THEY BROUGHT
REINFORCEMENTS.
[CHEERING]
Aster: THOUGHT YOU COULD
USE SOME BACK-UP, AXEL!
Axel: SO AFTER
GETTING SUCKED INTO
THAT DIMENSIONAL PORTAL
YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN
ROAMING AROUND THIS
WORLD LOOKING FOR US?
WE HOPED
YOU MIGHT BE HERE.
A KING'S GUARD
TOLD US OF THIS PLACE.
HE ALSO SAID--THEY WERE
PLANNING TO ATTACK HERE.
HE TOLD THE TRUTH.
WE CAUGHT A SPY OF HIS,
JUST IN TIME.
SO WHERE'D YOU FIND
THAT ARMY?
WE RAIDED
THE SUPREME KING'S PRISON.
RESCUED A FEW DUELISTS.
IF WE'RE TAKIN' ON
ALL THESE BAD GUYS--
WE'LL NEED ALL THE HELP
WE CAN GET.
SO WHAT'S THE PLAN?
YOU AND YOUR ARMY--
STAY HERE AND KEEP
THESE PEOPLE SAFE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT, AXEL?
THESE PEOPLE
MEAN WELL.
BUT MOST OF 'EM
AREN'T FIGHTERS...
THEY'RE TIRED.
THEY'RE SCARED.
THERE'S NO WAY
THEY CAN TAKE ON
AN ARMY
OF DUELING FIENDS.
I SEE YOUR POINT.
FIGHTING HERE
IS A LAST RESORT.
WHAT'VE YOU GOT
IN MIND?
I'M PACKIN' UP
THE BRAWL.
'N TAKIN' IT
TO THE SUPREME KING.
WHAT, BY YOURSELF?!
IT WOULD'VE BEEN
TOO RISKY
TO LEAVE
THESE PEOPLE ALONE,
BUT IF YOU GUYS
HANG OUT HERE,
I CAN GO.
AND YEAH, ALONE.
THAT'S HOW I ROLL.
WELL--WE'RE ROLLING
RIGHT ALONG WITH YOU.
NO WAY.
OUR SKILLS ARE
BEST SERVED WITH YOU!
BESIDES, IF YOU KNOCK
THE SUPREME KING AROUND
FOR A LITTLE BIT...
THESE PEOPLE WON'T
NEED PROTECTING.
AND WHAT IF I FAIL?
THAT'S WHY YOU NEED US.
IT'S NOT LIKE
YOU'RE GONNA BE
ABLE TO STROLL RIGHT UP
TO THE BIG GUY.
THERE COULD BE GUARDS,
BOOBY TRAPS...
THIS BLITZ TACTIC OF YOURS
CALLS FOR SOME
SPECIAL-OPS INFILTRATION.
AND I'VE GOT AN IDEA.
MAYBE OUR NEW FRIEND HERE
WILL HELP US GET IN.
HE'LL BE OUR TOUR GUIDE,
SHOW US THE SHORT CUTS
'N STUFF.
WE'LL NEED
TO DISGUISE OURSELVES.
HOLD ON!--I BET
THERE'S UNIFORMS HERE.
I JUST HOPE
THEY HAVE MY SIZE.
ALL THESE FIENDS
ARE TALL AND THUGGISH.
YOU'LL BE FINE.
IT'S A PLAN.
THE 3 OF US'LL
INFILTRATE THE FORTRESS
AND FIND THE SUPREME KING.
HOPEFULLY--IF I DUEL HIM
AND DEFEAT HIM,
THE DARKNESS CONTROLLING JADEN
WILL BE DESTROYED.
IF NOT--THEN I'LL GO TO
THE STARS KNOWING I TRIED!
I JUST WONDER...
HOW THIS
ALL STARTED.
IF ONLY WE KNEW THE TRUTH.
WHAT TRUTH?
WHAT IF JESSE IS
SAFE AND SOUND SOMEWHERE?
IF JADEN KNEW THAT--
IT MIGHT GIVE HIM THE SPIRIT
TO FIGHT FROM WITHIN.
KINDA MAKES SENSE.
SO HOW DO WE GET
THE WORD ON JESSE?
All: WE'RE ON IT!
WE'LL ASK EVERYONE
IN THE CITY.
AND IF WE SHOULD
HEAR OF SOMETHING?
TRY AND GET
THE MESSAGE TO ME...
BUT SHOULD THE SUPREME KING
ATTACK THESE WALLS,
AND YOU'VE
FOUND OUT SOME NEWS--
TELL HIM, "JESSE IS OK."
"JESSE IS OK."
WHERE WILL
YOU BE?
I CAN'T BE SURE.
All: HMM.
Monsters: HE IS THE POWER!
HE IS THE POWER!
[ALL YELLING]
Chaos sorcerer:
MY LIEGE--PREPARATIONS
FOR THE FINAL ATTACK
ARE ALMOST COMPLETE.
THIS IS IT.
THE LAST
OF THE WRETCHED HUMANS...
AND THE NON-BELIEVERS
HAVE TRAPPED THEMSELVES.
THEY'RE HOARDED UP
WITHIN THE MOUNTAIN CITY.
THERE'S NOWHERE LEFT
FOR THEM TO RUN.
THEY WON'T SURVIVE
THE FIRST ASSAULT.
AND SOON ALL WILL BE
UNDER MY CONTROL!
THIS LAND WILL ALL
BE MINE SOON ENOUGH...
Aster: GOOD IDEA USING
YOUR CYBER DARK DRAGON
TO FLY US IN.
Zane: I KNOW.
THESE UNIFORMS
WILL WORK PERFECTLY.
HOW DO WE GET TO
THE SUPREME KING'S CHAMBER?
AND DON'T LIE TO ME
OR I'LL SEND YOU
TO THE STARS MYSELF!
I'LL BEHAVE.
THIS CAVE HERE.
TAKES YOU
TO A SECRET PASSAGE
THAT'LL LEAD US
TO THE MAIN HALL.
Shield: THE STAIRS UP AHEAD
WILL GET US THERE.
HUH?
WE GOT COMPANY...
EVERYBODY BE COOL.
HOLD UP!
IT'S ALMOST
TIME TO ATTACK.
WHY AREN'T YOU
PREPPING WITH
YOUR BATTALION?
TAKE CARE OF THIS.
UH...WE, UH...
WE HAVE A MESSAGE
FROM SKULL KNIGHT
BACK IN
THE MOUNTAIN CITY.
WE'RE TAKING IT
TO THE KING.
OH, ALRIGHT.
AS YOU WERE.
YESSS.
AAH!
RRR!
THOUGHT YOU COULD
FOOL ME, DID YOU?!
ALL MESSAGES
FROM SKULL KNIGHT
GO THROUGH ME!
YOU SHOULD'VE
KNOWN THAT.
DO SOMETHING!
THESE GUYS ARE SPIES
AND THEY'RE HERE
TO CHALLENGE
THE SUPREME KING TO A DUEL!
YOU'LL PAY!
YAAAH! YES HE WILL!
AAAAH!
THOSE UNIFORMS!
WHERE DID YOU
GET THEM FROM?
AND WHAT
HAVE YOU DONE
WITH SKULL KNIGHT?
TELL ME NOW!
YOU'LL FIND OUT--
CAUSE WE'RE SENDING YOU
TO THE SAME PLACE.
LEAVE THIS GOON
TO ME.
YOU SURE!
HMPH! EVER SINCE
I CAME HERE...
I'VE BEEN ITCHING
TO CRACK MY KNUCKLES
AGAINST A STRONG DUELIST.
AND THIS FIEND IS
THE PERFECT CANDIDATE.
FIND US
WHEN YOU'RE DONE!
WAIT UP!
STOP! NO ONE'S ALLOWED
TO GO THAT WAY!
HEY, NOW...
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THE SUPREME
KING'LL DO?...
WHEN HE FINDS OUT
YOU RAN AWAY FROM ME.
HUMPH!
RUN AWAY FROM YOU?
YOU DON'T STAND
A CHANCE AGAINST ME.
I'LL SHOW YOU--
WHAT DUELING'S ALL ABOUT!
YOU'LL WISH
YOU NEVER CAME HERE!
I'LL MAKE YOU
REGRET THE DAY
YOU DARED TO CHALLENGE ME
TO A DUEL!
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
HEY!
STOP RIGHT THERE!
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
DUELING!
GO DESTINY HERO--
DOUBLE DUDE!
AAH!
UHH!
GO ON, AXEL,
I GOT THESE TWO.
HURRY!
Both: STOP NOW!
DON'T WORRY,
YOU TWO.
I GOT
ENOUGH HURT HERE
FOR THE BOTH OF YA'.
Axel: SUPREME KING!
IT'S YOU?
I DIDN'T THINK
YOU'D EVER STOP RUNNING.
WELL YOU'D BETTER
THINK AGAIN.
I'VE RETURNED
TO FACE YOU,
AND FINISH OFF
WHAT OUR FRIEND JIM
STARTED TO DO!
I'M HERE TO DEFEAT
YOUR DARK HALF JADEN!
THOSE ARE BIG WORDS
COMING FROM A MAN
WHO RAN AWAY,
YELLING AND SCREAMING
LIKE A CHILD.
YOU MANAGED TO GET
UNDER MY SKIN.
YOU SCARED ME.
YOU TOOK AWAY
ALL MY CONFIDENCE.
I ALWAYS BELIEVED
THAT POWER
WAS THE ONLY THING
THAT MATTERED.
THOSE WITH MORE POWER
CRUSH THOSE WITH LESS.
AND YOU HAVE A LOT MORE
POWER THAN I DO.
YOU BEAT MY FRIEND.
I KNEW I WAS NEXT.
I WAS DONE FOR.
AND YET WE'RE
FACE TO FACE AGAIN.
DO YOU WISH
TO BE DESTROYED?
ACTUALLY--I'M HERE
TO DESTROY YOU.
I'M NOT AFRAID ANYMORE.
THERE'S MORE TO DUELING
THAN POWER.
I SEE THAT NOW.
CAUSE I'VE GOT
SOMETHING TO FIGHT FOR--
PEOPLE WHO
LOOK UP TO ME.
PEOPLE WHO'VE
PUT THEIR TRUST IN ME.
THAT TRUST
MAKES ME STRONG.
SO HERE'S HOW IT'S GONNA
WORK, YOUR HIGHNESS.
WE'RE GONNA DUEL.
AND AFTER I'VE FINISHED
WIPING THE FLOORS
WITH YOUR BLACK HEART...
YOUR REIGN
OVER MY FRIEND IS DONE.
NOT QUITE.
THIS IS HOW
IT'S GONNA WORK.
YOU WILL BOW TO ME,
YOU'LL BEG FORGIVENESS.
AND THEN MAYBE
I WILL SPARE YOU.
OR MAYBE--YOU'LL ACCEPT
MY CHALLENGE.
AND I'LL BEAT YOU.
ONLY--
I HAVE NO INTENTION
OF SPARING YOU.
I'LL DEFEAT
THE DARKNESS!
AND RID THIS WORLD
OF YOUR TERROR.
YOU'RE GOING TO PAY
FOR YOUR INSOLENCE!
Both: GAME ON!
AND I GO!
I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
YOUR MOVE.
A FEEBLE START.
I ACTIVATE...
THE DARK FUSION
SPELL CARD.
AND WITH THIS--
YOUR END BEGINS!
BY SENDING
FUSION-MATERIAL MONSTERS
IN MY HAND TO MY GRAVE,
I CAN SUMMON A FIEND-TYPE
FUSION MONSTER.
NOW BY FUSING...
ELEMENTAL HEROES
AVIAN AND WILDHEART!
I CAN CALL FORTH--
EVIL HERO WILD CYCLONE!
[ROARING]
AND NOW
WILD CYCLONE ATTACKS!
GO CENTRIFUGAL
CYCLONE SLASH!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
DON'T BOTHER.
YOU SEE, WHEN
WILD CYCLONE ATTACKS...
YOU CAN'T ACTIVATE
ANY TRAPS.
NO WAY!
UHH! UHH! UHH!
TO ADD INSULT TO INJURY,
WHEN WILD CYCLONE
DEALS BATTLE DAMAGE...
EVERY FACEDOWN CARD
ON YOUR FIELD...
GETS EVISCERATED.
[GROANING]
DON'T BE MAD.
YOU BROUGHT THIS DESTRUCTION
UPON YOURSELF.
RETURNING HERE--
HAS SEALED YOUR FATE...
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪